TINYMCE-14238: Create changelog for 8.7 release (#11169)
tinymce/tinymce: .changes/tinymce/8.7.0.md

> ## 8.7.0 - 2026-06-30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 8.7.0 - 2026-07-01
```

## 8.7.0 - 2026-06-30

### Added
- Added `editor.announce()` for posting messages to screen readers via an aria-live region. #TINY-12791

### Improved
- Removed 300 item limit on the emoticons dialog 'All' tab by optimising render performance. #TINY-7552
- Pressing Tab or Shift+Tab on an open menu now closes it and moves focus to the next or previous focusable element. #TINY-13341
- The editor resize handle now uses browser pointer events for more reliable behaviour across different integration environments. #TINY-14241

### Changed
- Changed LESS math mode from always to parens-division. #TINY-13317

> 

Reviewer 2: This doesn't seem like a user-visible change, since it happens during our compile step

```suggestion
```

### Fixed
- CSS custom property names and color values in the style attribute were being lowercased when parsed. #TINY-11524

> - Focused links in dark mode was having the same text color as the background. #TINY-14264

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Focused links in dark mode had the same text color as the background. #TINY-14264
```

Maybe we need to enable CodeRabbit on release branches, now that we only merge the changelogs here
